feat: add instructions on how to extend LUMI AIF container. (#269)
Lumi-supercomputer/lumi-userguide: docs/software/containers/singularity.md

singularity build container.sif container.def
```

!!! Warning "Singularity Cache Directory"
    Note that singularity by default caches pulled files in your `home` directory.

>     We recommend setting it to another location or using the flag `--disable-cache` as described in the [Singularity documentation][singularity-cache-dir].

Reviewer: Nice!

Reviewer: @marlon-tobaben Do you think there is value in suggesting a path for the Singularity cache? E.g., `/scratch/project_xxxxxxxxx/$USER/singularity`.

Author: Up to @evitali-csc I guess.

Reviewer: What I mean is do you think it be would be helpful for users at all?

Reviewer 2: yeah nice. i think i overlooked this one as in my script is done automatically to some /tmp, but it's definitely useful to warn users. Not sure about adding the how, i fell like the link to official docs is enough. i personally don't like repeating things (and it may become old docs if things change in singularity and we don't update it will be wrong. now i don't see this happening, but it's the main reason why i prefer to link to official docs than copy what is there). so all in all i'd change this in:

We recommend setting it to another location or disabling it as described in the [Singularity documentation][singularity-cache-dir].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We recommend setting it to another location or disabling it as described in the [Singularity documentation][singularity-cache-dir].
```
